Hi.
Oh, welcome to the open house.
Thank you.
Okay, it's a two-bedroom,
one-story unit,
perfect for a single
or a... couple?
(laughs)
No! No, no, no,
no, no, no!
The apartment would
just be for me.
Okay.
I got divorced
about a year ago,
and have been living
with my son ever since.
She doesn't care, Mom.
He's right.
Let me know
if you have questions.
Oh, my, Nate!
And it comes fully furnished!
This looks perfect!
Really? Gosh, I don't know.
I'm not so sure...
Are you kidding?!
Look at these glass doors.
I can see the whole block.
Yeah, but they can
also see you.
Say good-bye to watching
Wheel of Fortune
with your pants unbuttoned.
And I can make the second
bedroom into a craft room.
Well, obviously I'm all for that
so you could knit me
more cell phone holders
that look like tiny overalls.
I don't know, Mom. This...
this place is kind of pricey.
I would be dipping
into my savings.
I'd just hate to think
that all that money you saved
sneaking rotisserie chickens
into movie theaters
was for nothing.
So, any questions?
My heart loves it,
but my pocketbook doesn't.
Sorry, it's not right for me.
I'm so lucky to have a son who
looks out for me the way you do.
It just would've been
so fun to be neighbors.
So fun.
(door closes)
So fun!
So close! So close!
How's the house hunt going, Mom?
The apartment across the hall
from Nathan's was great,
but he convinced me
it was too expensive.
So, he printed me out a list
of places that I could afford.
"Across the hall"?
Oh, my God.
How close were you to burning
down the whole building?
I had the matches in my pocket.
(car horn honks outside)
Okay, I'm off to Lily's
for the weekend.
I'll be back on Monday
unless I can talk
her rich parents
into adopting me.
It's probably for the best.
We haven't even started
you a college fund.
Okay, I'll walk you out.
No, I'll do it.
I want to find out
why her father's mall
doesn't have a Talbots.
All right, let's have a look
at this apartment list.
Two places on Milton,
one on Magnolia.
Wait a minute.
Every place on this list
is in our neighborhood.
That's right.
I did my time.
I ain't going back to Shawshank.
You need to do your part anyway.
Oh, I do my part.
It's called Dad.
Are you kidding? Dad's easy.
It's like taking care
of an old plant.
Yeah, well, that old plant
has been bringing home
a different old female plant
every night.
Yeah. It is not easy
sleeping through
the sound of dry rustling
bushes in the room next door.
I can't officially tell you
we'll have a Talbots
by Christmas,
but if you're looking to get me
a reasonably priced
seasonal turtleneck,
you might want to hold off.
I'll go see if there's
some more of those popsicles
in the freezer.
Hey, y'all.
ALL:
Hey.
Who was that?
I think she said
her name is Kathy.
I'm not sure,
but she's been here so long
I don't think I can ask.
Met her over
at Shrugging Pines.
The old folks home
over on Elm?!
That's where you're
picking up women?
Boy, you're really going
for the low-hanging fruits.
I'm surprised they go for yours.
It is not an old folks home.
It's an active senior
living community.
You should stop by.
Some of those women could
really use a mother figure.
NATHAN:
So, um...
my dad here tells me
that you live at
Shrugging Pines.
How do you, uh, how
do you like it?
Oh, I love it!
They have activities,
private apartments
and three different craft rooms.
Three craft rooms?
Mm-hmm.
Guess how many different colored
pipe cleaners they have.
Eight?
42.
Get out!
Yeah!
The only thing they don't have
is this guy!
(laughs)
Popcorn!
Hey! I said popcorn!
That's our safe word!
Well, Mom, I don't know.
I think, uh,
I think maybe we ought
to check it out.
It does sound nice.
And it's only four blocks
away from Debbie.
I know!
Yeah.
MAN:
We hope you've enjoyed
the tour
and look forward to seeing you
again here at Shrugging Pines,
the best decision you can make
for the rest of your life...
is what you would've heard
had the dang DVD player worked!
Aah!
This is wonderful, Kip!
As was the whole tour.
I'm very impressed.
Oh, thank you.
That-that means a lot.
Because not only am I
the admissions director,
but I'm also
the activities coordinator,
the facilities manager
and the Marco Polo umpire.
You're not a peeker,
are you, Carol?
Hmm? Me? No.
Carol?
Maybe a little peek?
Huh? A little peeky-poo?
(laughs)
A little, a little
pookity-peekity?
Maybe I peek a little.
(both laughing)
I'm gonna blow my
whistle on you, Carol!
(squeals)
Come here, you!
What I'm saying is...
I live this job
24 H's a D.
I actually live
in a room out back.
Except for one weekend a month.
Those two days belong
to the National Guard.
I...
know what you're thinking and...
(laughs)
you're both welcome.
(clears throat)
Well...
I just, I-I love the place.
Mm-hmm.
I...
Aw, thank you, sir.
Yeah.
And, of course,
when you visit,
there will be full discretion
at all times
to protect your privacy,
Mr. Miller.
I know who you are.
My ex-husband Leon
is quite the fan.
Spent many a night
between the sheets
watching you walk our streets.
So glad to be part of that.
Um, now if my mom is interested,
how quickly can this happen?
'Cause I mean,
I-I can just leave here.
And if you've got a gift shop,
I'll just buy her a tooth brush
and she's good to go!
Unfortunately there are
nine people in front of you.
With modern medicine,
the wait could be pretty long.
(bell rings)
Oop! Make that eight people.
I'm kidding!
That's the lunch bell!
(whistle blowing)
Who's hungry, huh?
Who wants to see
the second longest
Jell-O bar in Virginia?
I bet the head of admissions
would've bumped me up
on the list if you'd
just flirted a little.
Ooh! Was she cute?
He was cute
and he winked at Nathan.
He was just impressed
that I'm a local celebrity.
And if Nathan had
just winked back,
I bet I'd be in.
I helped you out
plenty of times,
flirting with people
I wasn't into.
What? When?
Not everyone who applies
to Space Camp gets in.
I think I know why you didn't
flirt with this guy.
Are you gonna say it's
because of that dream I had
about me and the
Dukes of Hazzard boys?
I told you it's mo...
mostly about the car.
I think deep, deep down
you don't want your
mother to move out.
Look what she made.
Look at this.
Fancy cheeses, crackers,
evenly sliced salami.
Brother, you are
hooked on snacks.
Yes, I-I do enjoy
a well-orchestrated cheese plate
after a hard day's work.
But I don't need it.
Trust me, I want her out.
Well, prove it.
Go shake what
your mother gave you
so you can shake your mother.
Flirt with a guy?
Yeah, it's 2014!
There's no shame in it.
I flirt with guys
all the time.
I haven't paid for a ginger
ale on a flight in years!
(laughs)
Yeah, those are free.
Then I've been tickling
kneecaps for nothing?
(knocking)
Hey, Kip.
I just came by to drop off
my mom's applicash.
Sorry if it's a little sweaty.
I filled it out
between reps at the gym.
(sighs)
(exhales)
Wow.
(laughs)
I never noticed how long
your eyelashes are.
Was your mom Betty Boop
and your dad...
also Betty Boop?
First of all,
you're as straight as an arrow
dipped in fantasy football.
I mean, you're pathetic.
You remind me
of my flight attendant days
when some guy tickled my
kneecaps for a free ginger ale.
Look, I'm-I'm...
I'm sorry. I just...
I was just trying
to help out my mom.
No, I-I-I understand.
That's very nice, but...
you're barking up the wrong gay
with this guy.
My ex-husband Leon
is the one who had
the crush on you, not me.
(laughs)
I'm a, I'm an Anderson Cooper
man myself.
You're a little dumb for me.
What?
Uh, I'm not dumb.
Mm....
I'm not!
Aw.
That's the spirit.
God.
If Leon could see me
talking to you.
it would really get his goat.
He doesn't actually have a goat.
Yeah, I know that.
Okay.
It's an idiom.
Yeah, I'm not stupid.
Yeah.
I'd do anything to see
the look on Leon's face
if he saw you flirting with me.
And I'd give anything to get
my mom into this place.
How'd it go?
Great, we're dating.
Are you being facetious?
'Cause if you're serious,
I owe your father 20 bucks.
Cute place, Nathan.
Love the treadmill
in the living room.
(mouthing)
Okay, so just to be clear, uh,
this is a one-time thing.
I-I'm not
ready to commit
to a long-term
imaginary relationship.
Once is all I need.
Leon will come here in a few
hours and drop off Pugsley,
the pug we share custody of.
He will see that
not only have I rebounded,
but I've done so
with his newsboy crush.
He'll beg me to come back,
I'll say "hell no,"
and then Carol and I skip all
the way to the Marco Polo pool.
Marco!
Polo!
Gotcha!
But first, let's focus on making
you believable as my boyfriend.
CAROL:
Oh, don't worry-- my Nathan
is excellent at pretending.
And if you actually feel
something real, just go with it.
He'd make
a nice son-in-law,
and you know I love a parade.
Okay, you need to know
everything about me.
Here's the first 40 pages
of my autobiography,
and here are all my applications
to The Real Worl since '91.
We're gonna to have to cram,
so I suggest you put on
some coffee.
Uh. Well, yeah.
Actually, you know
what? I'm out of coffee.
But, that's okay--
I'll run out and grab some.
Oh, then grab a pen because
my order is very complicated,
and I don't want to overwhelm
that pretty little
head of yours.
Ready?
Ready.
Small.
Black.
Coffee.
Read it back.
Kip is a Virgo trapped
in a Gemini's body.
He likes luge, but not bobsled.
And he has four scars
on his left thigh
from being stabbed
with a salad fork.
Right thigh, chopsticks.
Damn it, Miller,
get your head in the game!
I'm gonna have you teach
a craft class, Carol.
What are these,
overalls for your phone?
They're Osh Kosh B'dorable.
Thank you.
Tom never appreciated
my crafts.
He said why do things by hand,
when you can just go
to the store.
Ugh.
Made me so angry.
I made him do things by hand
for the next ten years.
Husbands are the worst.
Leon never supported
any of my passions.
He hated the fact
that I spoke two languages.
Really?
What do you speak?
English and Latin.
Comma, pig.
Pig Latin. I know it's stupid.
On't-day e-bay illy-say.
Oh, anks-thay Arol-cay.
Leon would yell when I tried
to speak it around the house.
But what should
I have expected
from a man who divorced
me through a text?
I've said it for years--
cell phones are evil.
That's why I put 'em
in overalls
to make them seem
more approachable.
Hey, Kip. Uh, it says here
that you were the captain
of your high school
football team?
Mm-hmm.
And that you were also
the head cheerleader.
Yeah, I was pretty tired
by the end of the game.
(knocking on door)
Oh, God-- he's here.
Okay. Yeah, yeah.
Um, Carol,
in the kitchen!
Yeah. Yeah.
How do I look?
Rhetorical question.
I kind of know I look great.
Let's do this.
Oh.
NATHAN:
Ray?
Oh, man, I forgot to call.
Sorry, I-I can't make the game.
I'm kind of busy right now.
Oh, that's today?
This the dude?
You guys make
a cute couple.
I'd give you two
my unwanted baby.
Man, we'll talk later, okay?
You got to go.
(knocking on door)
Uh, too late.
Uh, you're part
of this now.
You're our friend,
a three-star Michelin chef
from New York
who took the train down
to cook us a dinner
to celebrate
our three-month anniversary.
You were raised in an orphanage,
and you have low self-esteem.
Can my restaurant
be in Little Italy?
Why not?
Badda-bing,
badda-boom! Boom!
(knocking)
Nate, Nate, Nate.
Go upstairs so you can
make an entrance.
Go, go, go.
Here's Pugsley.
He's in a timeout for
talking back to me in the car.
Whose place is this?
And, barf, why is there a
treadmill in the living room?
This is my boyfriend's place,
Leon.
Boyfriend?
Odd. All the times
I've dropped off Pugsley
you never mentioned
a boyfriend once.
We had to keep it under wraps
as a matter of discretion.
He's a public figure.
In fact, you may know him.
You must be Leon.
(high-pitched gasp)
Chowder's almost ready.
I bet my mama liked chowder.
I'll never know.
I just love
everything about him.
From his size 10.5 tennis shoes
to the fact that he graduated
from Colgate with a 3.9.
BOTH:
Blood-alcohol content.
Chowder's peaking
to perfection.
I made enough for 45.
That's the only way I learned
at the orphanage.
I cannot believe that
it's been three months.
And we spent
every single day together.
You spent every day together?
Oh, yeah. Our relationship has
perfect attendance.
Really?
Because if I recall,
the National Guard doesn't allow
guests those two days a month.
So, how have you been
together every day?
Well, I stayed
in Kip's car at the base.
You stayed in Kip's car?
He means scooter.
Right, Scooter's car.
No, I have a scooter.
He means scooter.
He knows I don't drive.
As does anybody who's read my
autobiography, Kip on a Scooter.
Things are not going great
out there.
I don't think it's gonna work.
I'm not an actor!
I'm not an
actor, either.
But all acting is is
committing to the role.
Now if you want your
mother out of your house,
you have to commit.
Now, I don't
have a mama.
But if I did
have a mama...
Wait, y-you do have a mother.
She lives in Phoenix.
She sends you a cheesecake
once a month.
I'm committing to
a role right now.
You can get your
mother out the house.
But you have to
commit to the role.
You're right, I got to...
I got to commit.
Commit!
And that's why he could visit me
during my training.
Am I right, hon?
No, you are not right.
You're perfect.
Aw...
Straight lips! Straight lips!
I knew it!
This is just another one
of your stupid stunts, Kip.
God, why can't you just
accept that it's over.
This is more pathetic than when
you secretly put my mail on hold
during my birthday week.
I called my grandma
a bitch for nothing.
Y-You're right. I'm sorry.
You're an immature, psychotic,
borderline sociopath.
I am.
I-I am all of
those things.
Nathan, he's basically saying
I'm a monster,
if you're having trouble
following along.
I don't even think I want
Pugsley around you.
Where'd he go?
Pugsley?
Pugsley!
Time-out
is over!
Pugsley!
Are you just going to
stand there and take that?
This isn't the Kip Finkle I've
known since yesterday at 11:30.
But he's right,
this was a crazy idea.
I don't know why I feel the need
to keep trying
to get back at him.
I'll tell you why.
Because he's a jerk
who broke up with you
over a cellular phone texting.
You just say, "a text."
He never let you have closure.
What kind of man breaks up
a marriage over a textagram?
Again, it's just "text."
Maybe this was a crazy idea,
but it's not your fault
that you did it-- it was his.
When your
marriage ended,
he didn't give you a chance
to tell him how you felt.
Well, this is your chance, Kip.
Lay it on him.
I've got your ack-bay.
LEON:
We're leaving.
I wouldn't eat the
chowder if I were you.
I think it has
ginger ale in it.
Say good-bye
to Pugsley forever.
(falsetto):
"Bye, psycho!"
Op-stay!
If you utter one more word
in Pig Latin to me, I swear...
Ut-shay up-way.
I-way as-way ared-scay
o-tay ick-stay upway
or-fay eyself-may,
ut-bay ot-nay
anymore-way!
O-nay, o-nay, o-nay.
I am not following any of this.
Maybe I am dumb.
If-way ou-yay ink-thay
ou're-yay aking-tay Ugsley-pay,
ou're-yay azy-cray.
Et-gay out-way!
I wish my Pig Latin teacher
could have seen that.
I love you,
Ister-may Enkins-jay.
I can't believe after all this,
I'm still moving out.
I want you to know how much I
appreciate all you went through
to get me
into Shrugging Pines...
and how frustrated you must be
that I chose not to live there.
I'm just so lucky
to have found a roommate
I'm so compatible with.
Because my handsome son is
a darn tough act to follow.
You have a handsome son?
I can't wait to meet him.
Kidding. You're
very attractive.
On the outside.
Look at him--
he's so confused
Nathan, isn't this
going to be a hoot?
You didn't lose a mother,
you gained a fun, new neighbor.
Ah, it's so great.
Well, I'll just give you guys
a couple months to settle in,
and I'll check back in
after the holidays.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org